Create exit queue eip (#9552)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-7922.md

We illustrate this with an example. With one million validators, the current protocol specifies that 16 validators may exit per epoch. Over two weeks, this corresponds to 50,400 exits. This translates directly to "no more than 5.04% of the validators (equiv. stake) can exit within two weeks." Now imagine that in the past 13 days, no validators have exited the protocol, and thus, none of the two-week churn limit has been used. If a large staking operator with 3% of the validator set (30,000 validators) seeks to withdraw immediately, they should be able to -- this doesn't violate the two-week limit of 5.04%. However, since only 16 exits can be processed per epoch moving forward, they are forced to wait 1875 epochs (equiv. 8.33 days).

> **Key observation:** If we enable the protocol to *look backward* at the exit history, we no longer need the per-epoch limit *looking forward*.

For example, say we chose the following constraint explicitly:

> **Proposed weak subjectivity constraint:** *No more than 50,400 exits in two weeks.*

> Then, we only need to ensure that the constraint is honored over every rolling two-week period without setting a hard cap on exits during every epoch. A dynamically adjusted churn limit based on historical validator exit data allows Ethereum to flexibly accommodate spikes in exit demand while *preserving the same security over every two-week period*. By calculating the unused churn capacity of recent generations, we can safely increase the churn limit when the network consistently operates below capacity, significantly improving the validator exit experience.

Reviewer: is the two week period a generation? generation concept is introduced without explaining what it is.

Reviewer: ok so 256 epoch makes a generation by reading below but may be some clarity that it represent periods. may be this will help bring clarity
```suggestion
Then, we only need to ensure that the constraint is honored over every rolling two-week window without setting a hard cap on exits during every epoch. A dynamically adjusted churn limit based on historical validator exit data allows Ethereum to flexibly accommodate spikes in exit demand while *preserving the same security over every two-week window*. By tracking the unused churn capacity of recent generations (periods), we can safely increase the churn limit when the network consistently operates below capacity, significantly improving the validator exit experience.
```
